docs: document modernization initiative more clearly (#17376)
electron/electron: docs/api/modernization/overview.md

## Modernization

> The Electron team is currently undergoing an initiative to modernize our API in a few concrete ways. These include: updating our modules to use idiomatic JS properties instead of separate `getPropertyX` and `setpropertyX`, converting callbacks to promises, and removing some other antipatterns present in our APIs. The current status of the Promise intiative can be tracked in the [promisification](promisification.md) tracking file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Electron team is currently undergoing an initiative to modernize our API in a few concrete ways. These include: updating our modules to use idiomatic JS properties instead of separate `getPropertyX` and `setpropertyX`, converting callbacks to promises, and removing some other anti-patterns present in our APIs. The current status of the Promise intiative can be tracked in the [promisification](promisification.md) tracking file.
```
